## [*Project Euler 125 - Palindromic sums.*](https://projecteuler.net/problem=125 "Go to problem page.")
Let $\mathbb{P}$ be the set of all palindromes until a certain limit, $lim$. $\mathbb{P}$ can be devised purely from $\mathbb{N}$.  
Let $d\in\{0,1,\cdots,8,9\}\text{ },n\in\mathbb{N}$. Let $rev(n)$ be the reversed representation of $n$, and $len(n)$ be the length of $n$.  
Let $++$ be the operator that represents concatenation. E.G: $20$ $++$ $50=2050$. so that:  
{ $p\in \mathbb{P}\text{ }|\text{ }p = (d) \vee p = (n$ $++$ $rev(n)) \vee p = (n$ $++$ $d$ $++$ $rev(n)), p < lim$ }
  
We will be generating the above set in the code below.

```python
def palindrome_list(lim):
    pol = 0
    x=1
    l=[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9]
    while pol<=lim:
        s = str(x)
        pol = int(s + s[::-1])
        x+=1
        l.append(pol)
        if pol*10<=lim:
            for d in range(0,10):
                pol = int(s +str(d)+ s[::-1])
                l.append(pol)
    return l
```
Let $\mathbb{S}$ be the sequence of all squared positive integers $n$, up to a limit $\lfloor\sqrt{lim}\rfloor$ because $max(n\cdot n) = lim$, so that $\{s\in\mathbb{S}\text{ }|\text{ } s=n^{2},\text{ }n\in\mathbb{N},\text{ }n<\lfloor\sqrt{lim}\rfloor\}$. Basically, $\mathbb{S}=${ $1^{2},2^{2},\cdots,i^{2},\cdots$ }.
```python
def sqaured_list(lim):
    l=[0]
    a=1
    while(a*a <= lim):
        l.append(a*a)
        a+=1
    return l
```  
  
Let $\mathbb{C}$ be the set of all the possible summations of consecutive squared integers. $c\in\mathbb{C}$ cannot exceed $lim$.  
Imagine we create a table, $T$, that for each column $x$ and row $y$ there is a cell $T_{xy}=x^{2}+\cdots+y^{2}$ so long as $x < y$.  

Now, to make the contents of this table, for some $n\in\mathbb{N}, x\leq n \leq y$ we won't be calculating $n^{2}$ again and again,
but instead we take it from the previous sequence of already calculated squares,  
and sum the range $[x:y]$ in $\mathbb{S}$ so $T_{xy} = \sum{_{i=x}^{y}} \mathbb{S}_i$, where $1\leq x < y < \lfloor\sqrt{lim}\rfloor$.  

Now, for each $t\in T$, imagine we flatten the two-dimensional table's elements into a one-dimensional set, that is the set $\mathbb{C}$ we stated above. In our code, we never created $T$ to begin with, we simply added $\sum{_{i=x}^{y}} \mathbb{S}_i$ to $\mathbb{C}$ from the start.
```python
def consecutive_pow(lim):
    s = sqaured_list(lim)
    c = []
    a_lim = int(lim**0.5)
    for x in range(1,a_lim):
        sum=0
        for y in range(x,a_lim):
            sum+=s[y]
            if sum>lim:
                continue
            c.append(sum)
    return set(c).difference(s)
```  


So now we have, bounded by $lim$:  
$\bullet \text{ }\text{ }\text{ }  \mathbb{P}$ - The set of all palindromes.  
$\bullet \text{ }\text{ }\text{ }  \mathbb{S}$ - The set of all squared positive integers.  
$\bullet \text{ }\text{ }\text{ }  \mathbb{C}$ - The set/sequence of all sums of consecutive squared positive integers.  
In the above code we purposely return $\mathbb{C}\setminus\mathbb{S}$, we subtract the latter set because $\mathbb{S}$ includes standalone squared integers.
To find the sum of all the numbers that are both palindromic and can be written as the sum of consecutive squares,
we need to calculate the sum of $\mathbb{P}\cap(\mathbb{C}\setminus\mathbb{S})$ bounded by $lim=10^{8}$.

```python
def ex125():
    lim = 10**8
    a = set(palindrome_list(lim))
    b = set(consecutive_pow(lim))
    s = a.intersection(b)
    sum=0
    for x in s:
        sum+=x
    return sum
```
<details>
  <summary>View answer</summary>  
As such, the sum is $2906969179$.  
It takes the computer a total of $4.605$ seconds to compute the answer.
</details>
